[sighs] So you were alive after all.
You know who I am, then.
You're Kirisame.
The recent increase in Reggie deaths
over the past couple of days,
that your guys' doing?
We have instructions
to dispose of all the Reggies
in order to restructure the organization.
From where?
It's need-to-know. I get you.
Troublesome as ever.
Well, what can I do for you?
If you came all the way here,
I take it I'm still worth using.
You are quite an interesting man.
Yeah, I get that more than you'd think.
[yawns]
I really appreciate all of your hard work.
Thanks for that assist.
[gasps]
How astute. It's true that the one
who's been leaving signs
only you could decipher was me.
I can't think of anyone else
who could have made
a sign that intricate
since Gilbert was at his end.
I must say it was an exceptionally
good piece of work, Kirisame.
I've wanted to ask you this
for some time now, Keith Kazama.
Why do you always show up,
even when you know
you're walking straight into a trap?
You could call it curiosity.
Those who kill God will become devils,
whereas devil killers become kings.
What do you think?
Am I the one being fooled by the stone,
or is it you guys?
[theme music playing]
[woman vocalizing]
[footsteps echo]
... SUICIDE BY GUN
BY A MAN WHO LOST HIS MIND...
THE WAY HIS BLOOD SPLATTERED
TWO BULLET HOLES
[sighs]
THERE WAS SOMEONE ELSE HERE
HE KILLED THE MAN...
FAINT FOOTSTEPS
WITH A SIGN OF STRUGGLE.
HE WAITED FOR THE POLICE TO LEAVE
AND FOR KEITH TO SHOW UP
THEN HE ABDUCTED HIM
So this was a trap.
-[rustling]
-[gasps]
Koku?! Wha?
[dramatic music playing]
[crowd murmuring]
[worker] Little more to the right. More.
Yeah, all right. That's fine.
[whistle blowing]
Apologies, but I can't let you through.
How can we investigate,
being shut out like this?
With all due respect,
this case is under our jurisdiction.
This complicates things.
It can't be helped,
We'll need a special permit
to autopsy a royal family member.
Then what's stopping you
from getting one?
[Eric grumbles] They are.
[Boris grunts]
[staff chatter continues]
[Boris] There's no way we can investigate
without knowing the victim's situation.
What's the cause of death, the weapon?
How and what
are we supposed to be investigating?
Boris.
Don't you think
something's off around here?
Would you please stop hovering?
We can't work like this.
Hmm?
[sighs]
Whatever roadblocks show up,
we have to stay right here.
Yeah. Especially after that announcement
from Imperial HQ.
[grumbles]
Any word from Lily?
[Brandon] Not a peep.
And no scheduled contact?
It happens all the time.
You should always report,
-communicate, and consult.
-Shut up. Shut up.
-Yeah, that meant something in my day.
-What am I gonna do with you younguns?
-Shut up. [gasps]
-Hmm?
[motor whirring]
Okay, you're saying it's likely
Keith's kidnapper was this Kirisame.
Is that what you mean?
Yeah.
I was thinking...
Go on.
Well, you think
getting nabbed was the goal?
Eh?
'Cause I think he knew exactly
what would happen when he went there.
What would be the point?
I haven't figured that out.
But he was looking into something,
and I think that he may have found
his so-called answer.
Whatever the case, he headed the scene
to get his "confirmation," like always,
all the while knowing there was
a possibility he could be kidnapped.
[sighs] Why didn't he say something?
He's got no problem
telling me when he's gotta poop
or has diarrhea or is constipated,
but he never let's me in
-on the important stuff!
-Lily.
That guy doesn't believe anything
unless he sees it.
Smart as hell with
the emotional intelligence of a child.
And he dresses like a filth-covered
fifth grader with nasty bedhead!
No, a third grader!
Seriously!
He should die with his guts ripped out!
Your vocabulary for slander
is impressive.
But that can wait. Right now our job
is to follow any trace we can dig up.
[music playing]
[ship's horn blows]
[sniffs]
Fairly fresh. We're on the right track.
We'll look through these things,
then take 'em with us.
Got it.
Huh?
Koku, would you take a look at this?
Is this kid you?
It is, yeah.
You were such a cutie.
[Lily] This must be Yuna.
Hmm?
[Koku] That's Kirisame.
Hmm.
How'd he grow into such a twisted adult?
There's no rhyme or reason
to what he's doing, just wanton chaos.
If he wants to kill the king,
he should just do it already.
[Koku grunts]
I don't understand why he wants
to bring you and Keith into this.
He's going to the trouble
of adding extra elements.
He's just endangering his own plan.
Doesn't he see that?
[wails] I don't get this one bit!
What if the king's life
isn't his real objective?
Huh?
I think his true aim is to force me
to kill the king in his place.
Hmm.
[grunting]
[Lily] If only we could find
some sort of clue.
[sighs] Whew.
Hmm?
[engine grinds]
Question, Koku.
What's the matter?
[Lily] Who's that?
[engine rumbling]
[tires squeal]
-[gasps]
-Come on.
We need to go.
[tires squeal]
-[tires squeal]
-[yelps]
[dynamic music playing]
[woman vocalizing]
[both grunt]
Can't we go any faster?!
I'm already flooring it!
[Izanami] Thy form, how it flutters
with the grace of a startled swan.
Thy beauty,
as elegant as a playful dragon.
[rifle fires]
The autumn chrysanthemums of glory
and flourishing spring pines
serve as a reminder, that thou art
the hidden moon lighting the clouds.
And as you flutter, thou art
the swirling snow in the wind.
[Yukikaze] So what should we do now?
[Kirisame] We stay the course.
[footsteps echoing]
Whoa.
[Lily] Hmm?
Hi there.
Who is he?
It's been a while.
-How's the leg?
-Hey, who is he?
I've gotten quite used to it.
I'm glad.
[gasps]
[chuckles]
It's a different size this time around,
so finding matching shoes
has been a real nightmare.
But we should move.
There's not much time.
They'll be hot on our trail before long.
-Let's go.
-Who is this person?!
[electronic chirp]
[door whirs]
Our escape route is right through here.
[squeals]
It's Yuna!
-Oh, Lily.
-Come here, you!
I'm so glad you're safe!
Yes, and I'm relieved
to see you're all right as well.
You're so cute! You're so cute!
A great girl like you
is too good for Koku!
-[laughing]
-Thanks, but could you please let me go?
[Lily coos]
Yuna, what is this place used for?
This is the office we used
during our tenure as Market Makers.
Yeah, that's right,
so we'll be free of Kirisame here.
Ah.
I believe
it's well past time we confirmed
the special cargo
we happened to come across.
[grunts]
[gasps]
[ominous music playing]
[Lily] No freakin' way!
Wait a second.
How are you still alive,
[formal]
uh, Your Majesty?
[normal] What do you even say
in a situation like this one?
Please try and calm down.
I'll try, but no promises!
[grunts]
Hmm?
Tell me, why did you save my life?
-[prince yells]
-[blade slices]
[groans]
[prince gasps]
[gasping]
Eh?
The person who ordered
the raid on Jaula Blanca that day
is sitting right here.
Aha. How apropos.
There's something I've wanted to know.
-Why us?
-Hmm?
Did Dr. Kazama
not tell you children anything at all?
[sighs]
There's no reason
to hide it at this point.
I heard this from the lips
of the good doctor himself.
You mean from Dr. Kazama?
Everything that's happened,
it all started
when you children were born.
All of the cells in your body
can reset and regenerate,
instantly, at that.
They can also act as a panacea,
but you can only transplant them
to the other children.
If you tried the procedure
with anyone else,
the cells would turn cancerous.
It's supposedly a safety mechanism
used to protect the material.
However, there does exist
a key to cancel this effect...
a neutral-bodied Canon
who's met a special condition.
In being chosen, that Canon
will transform into a female,
simultaneously becoming
a key to cancel you out.
With this,
it'll be possible to transplant
the multiplied cells
of the next generation to us humans.
Moreover, the blood
will drive us forever.
Regenerative medicine within minutes,
all without even
considering compatibility.
Everything will change.
It's like a dream made real.
And nearly all diseases
will become treatable.
There's an enormous interest
to see what will occur from this.
A generation where only the rich
can afford to live is coming soon.
It'd be fine if it was just lives...
but even time
will hold no dominion over your cells.
A semi-eternal life
wouldn't be out of the question.
The right of the gods
would be but a matter of currency.
One can scarcely imagine a dispute
over an interest such as that.
This country hasn't long recovered
from being but a burnt field.
Under the Defeated Country Clause,
you couldn't develop a decent military
or weapons for this nation.
Therefore, you used
human weapons called Reggie.
They were a necessary evil.
Canons are overkill, right?
Isn't that the conclusion you came to?
If you disposed of us early on,
there'd be no conflict.
That's why, to uphold national ethics.
That's what the raid was for?
I get it. You were trying to protect
your greater interests.
Although...
you couldn't see that,
just as your heart beats, so do ours.
[Lily] There are some people who may
believe in that kind of one-sided justice.
Highness, what you did was murder.
There's no getting around it.
May sentience reincarnate
and be born from the six paths,
and may the wheel
remain ever-turning for all of time.
I'm well aware that this will
do little to atone for my sins,
but please allow me to help you.
-[gasps]
-Huh?
[gasps]
After that, my life will once again
be in your capable hands.
Where could Keith be?
Maybe inside the Royal Palace?
He'd likely have a card up his sleeve,
in case there was
a good opportunity for him to pull it.
I was thinking the same thing,
but I didn't find any signs of that.
[Yuna gasps]
A place they wouldn't need
to keep an eye on all day,
but where they could be confident
he wouldn't be snatched from.
They must have their own domain.
Most likely.
How about the Amo District?
Eh?
[king] This area is military managed.
Since it's used
strictly for military exercises,
general officials
aren't allowed to set foot there.
With no one around,
it makes the place a natural prison.
We may have just found it.
You people
don't understand Kirisame one bit.
What do you mean?
The man treats logic like an epic love,
making this a double standard.
You're thinking way too inside the box.
And just what exactly
are you trying to imply?
[sighs]
Why do I have to be surrounded
by all of these weirdos?
Yuna, you're my only
ray of hope in this mad--
-Lily.
-Eh?
It's about Koku.
Kirisame wants him to be a hit man.
[sighs]
That's right.
He's not just confining them away.
They're being used as fodder
to initiate Koku.
It's because he's our one true king.
Kirisame believed in Jetblack
more deeply than anyone else.
[Lily] Let's check ancient ruins.
There are so many.
We don't have time to go to each one.
We'll have to narrow them down.
Here's a thought.
Wouldn't it be a location
that had the deepest connection
to the Black Winged King?
-Kazhan.
-Huh?
He said he was having him rest
in a special place,
a great place. It was near the ocean,
and if he had wings,
it would be the ultimate paradise.
Paradise?
[Koku] According to him.
[king gasps]
The four towers built to protect
the north, south, east, and west
of Jetblack.
I heard tale that it was a holy place
connected to the Black Winged King.
What about there?
[gasps]
[music playing]
[sighs]
[singing in Japanese]